hey guys Sylvia Perez here and in this
video I'm gonna show you what Google Ads
campaign experiments are and how you can
go ahead and use them so to get started
just go ahead and go to your Google ads
campaign tab and click on the campaign
that you want to publish an experiment
for so I'm gonna click on tutorial and
then on the bottom left if you scroll
all the way down you'll see drafts and
experiments just go ahead and click on
that and then here's where we'll be able
to create our drafts and our experiments
so all the campaign draft is is just the
changes that you make that you want to
either test or publish to your original
campaign and what a campaign experiment
is it's just basically a way of testing
safely I would say different changes you
want to make to your campaign your
existing campaign so with a campaign
experiment you can make changes to your
existing campaign and then divide the
amount of traffic that goes to your
existing campaign versus the experiment
so for example you can do 50% going to
your existing campaign and then 50%
going to the the experiment you're
running this is really helpful so you
don't have to go ahead and create a
entirely new campaign and then have that
campaign competing with your your other
campaign on whether or not these changes
actually work so let's go ahead and
create a campaign experiment so just
click on this blue plus sign and then
name this campaign experiment whatever
you want I'm gonna name it test hit save
and now it's gonna pull up your original
campaign so if you look up here it says
original campaign tutorial so this is
where we can go ahead and make changes
and test it against our existing
campaign and see which one works so
something that's awesome to test with
with campaign experiments is location
targeting so if you go into your
analytics and you see hey you know what
this location doesn't seem to be working
that well maybe the bounce rate is
really high and the average time on page
is really low and you want to go ahead
and test whether or not removing that
location will help improve your campaign
this is what a great example of a
campaign experiment so with this
campaign of tutorial I'm gonna go to
locations and I'm actually targeting
Michigan and Miami so let's go ahead
let's go ahead and say hypothetically I
realize you know what Michigan is doing
terrible I want to see whether or not
excluding Michigan is a good idea
so I make my campaign experiment I'm
gonna go ahead and remove Michigan here
in my in my campaign draft remove that
and now we're gonna test whether or not
removing Michigan is a smart idea so now
I'm gonna click apply up here at the top
to apply this campaign Draft and now you
can either apply the draft a rip to the
original campaign so you you make the
changes in here in the draft and then
you apply it right away and then you
upload it to the existing one or you can
run an experiment and that's what we're
going to do so click on run an
experiment and we're gonna name this
experiment excluding C excluding
Michigan and then you can even start a
start date and an end date which is
super useful if you want to run it for
let's say 2 weeks and you can have that
already set and it'll it'll pause for
you and then down here where it says
experiment split this is where you're
gonna decide how much traffic you want
to send to the experiment versus the
original campaign so if you want to do a
50-50 split just put 50% if you want to
do a 70/30 then put 30% and so on and so
forth so I'm gonna have 50% so it's
straight down the middle 50/50 I'm only
testing one change so it's an a/b test
right now on just the location I'm gonna
click Save and then now this is saved
and the experiment has now been created
so you can see here just says status
creating split 50% and now the start
date is today so this is gonna go ahead
and start running as soon as possible as
soon as it gets published and that's
pretty much it guys so now we're testing
whether or not excluding Michigan works
and if you go back to your campaign tab
you can see here the experiment campaign
that you made
so it says tutorial that's the original
campaign and then that's the name of the
experiment right there excluding
Michigan and it has this little vial or
beaker icon to show you the difference
between the two so that's pretty much it
for this video guys I hope you got some
value from this if you did please go
ahead and subscribe I post weekly
content on PPC advertising and go ahead
and leave a comment down below on
something that you got from this video
or maybe some ideas of future topics
you'd like to hear and thank you so much
and take care
[Music]